hello guys and girls and sincerely
Welcome to another issue of
I do not cook mori that way today
have a lot of time but ass full to do
I would say let's just put it
this weekend is going to take place the
next championship arena instead and
after this weekend, two more
Male in this month that's for it
a lot has to be organized
including the players invited
so if any ideas
or have wishes then out with it
the rest of the day from 18 o'clock
we have some good ones too
players including jörg
hellmuth and of course mary lott as
officiating champion but also and wanda
is in any case in the
enter schedule
this saturday 6 pm starcraft 2 die
championship arena 1000 euro prize money
yes and that alone would be quite a lot
organizational effort but with it
it is now not synonymous to the lc's
again in front of the door start with next
week the eu and the nl cs4 also at
So last time maxim will be the eu
take over and I'll take care of that
train energy and there is also there
again to organize lots of the
Above all, we want one for the eu
tournament invite some guests to
others as you surely know
yes, the lcs now in berlin instead
that means we naturally become capital
There will be some people out there
from us to conduct an interview so that
you besides the normal transfer too
still have a lot of other content that
whole starts on this thursday
the eu lcs then it continues on friday
also eu ets and saturday and sunday
would each time the lcs held yes
and then the whole thing is repeated
thursday to sunday from 22 january to
end of March
that's a total of 36 days lcs
stream for you and on 18 days of it
I will stream myself the other 18
maxim takes over yes and also the
times are crass dlc s starts
at 18 clock dlc s starts at 21
clock with the last game at one o'clock
starts at night and you know how
long such a league of legends game
can go
yes and for all these days we have to
of course, on the one hand could prepare
on the other hand we have to invite guests
kuka invite and of course we look
maybe we even
have contests for you and
accordingly, you can imagine
that's just a whole lot
Latte is at work especially for the
most guests
hotel must be booked the ride
must be booked and and and so
Do you think with giant rat tail
tuned
yes, what's next, then I come
you know you like to cook and at
I still have the last lcs production
I am now cooking hard
involved ourselves that means we have to
We also take care of the catering
Something we have to eat well, come on
But now we are going to do something different
topic who followed the wcs
found that the German starcraft
2-player puncto banda been locked
yes and they are not
have heard of course ask yourself
What happened? How did that happen?
well the answer is relatively simple
the man played quali in the wcs
lost his match against Jason and
then he tried to bribe jason
So he really wrote and wrote
asked hey, you can not assume
I also do what you want
promote you and and and yes and Jason
Of course, I did not want to do that
for a bit of facebook promo and
then said hey young give me
1000 euro with many smileys aloud
own statement so in joke and
although jason himself screenshots
quasi released on reddit
had blizzard in tubs from the
simple logical reason if you have it
would not have had such a jetlag
no proof because he is in the
Principle of each of the match are gone
would want to say that could operate
whole was just kidding so
a pretty stupid action of the
both and at the end you have the whole thing
also quite regretful on twitter
still while chatting and match are gone
there is simply a zero tolerance
Politics but let's continue with
our curiosity cabinet next to the
both were also able to wants in
locked which was only known now
through his four hours I play
my four hours with turtle that is
already violent and just as incredible as
the four-hour match was a tough one
match who of you in the hartz
The scene certainly knows that
name amas what did the em win ?
niger known mega successful already
won several tournaments and also
just always a lot of spectators
his stream sums it happened to be
and that were the server down so has
he decided we play on
the asian server and then had to
Of course, it was time to start again
not as hard as he does on the
mailserver has then but with
his fri
stack played with his pries control
away with which already won tournaments
Has
and that against the absolute no name
Beginner
that means really lowest level with
off the chicken level 25 but off you go
thought rise only very quickly the
countries open but then that happens
unbelievable and yes, as I said
against the absolute player without him
would have played with the standard deck
just once defeated and but
not at all counted
yes, you just have to
but only with humor taken
and at the end of the whole itself
youtube uploaded
That means everyone can feel his shame
look like a top-ranked player
against the absolute no take standard
the guys and girls lose that fat
it was with mori I cook again
Hope you liked it as always
you can find the recipe in the
description and of course you can
you in the comments the next time
to wish
no problem